NVIDIA-918: Add NVIDIA DPF Operator documentation (#117142)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-dpf-environment-variables.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * networking/networking_operators/dpf_operator/dpf-operator-installation.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="nw-dpf-environment-variables_{context}"]
= DPF Operator installation environment variables

[role="_abstract"]

> The following environment variables are used throughout the DPF Operator installation and configuration procedures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
Set required environment variables before you install and configure the DPF Operator on {product-title}. The installation and configuration manifests use these variables for cluster-specific values.
```

Reviewer: We have to get rid of the self referential language.

These environment variables must be set before you apply DPF Operator installation and configuration manifests.

.DPF Operator environment variables

> [cols="1,2,1",options="header"]

Reviewer: I'd see if you can get the spacing a little wider in the second column so it fits on the page better.
